To automate the process of creating and configuring of our infrastructure, we use Infrastructure as Code tools such as Terraform and Ansible
we can use Terraform to define our infrastructure in code, like defining the resources we need, first we need to create a CloudFormation 
template in JSON or YAML, then in the template, we define the resources we need for our WordPress application, such as EC2 instances,databases,
and Load Balancers next we define the parameters (last version of wordpress) following that we Launch the CloudFormation stack and enter values for 
the parameters we defined. Next we install and configure the web server software.

Following that we use AWS Database Migration Service to migrate our website data to AWS. first we Choose our source and target databases
which is the target endpoint for our migration.
we create a migration task that defines the configuration for our migration, including the source and target endpoints, 
the replication instance (created in the same region), and any other settings that we want to customize.
Next we create a migration task in the AWS Management Console then trigger the migration.
After the migration is complete, we can test the target database to ensure that our website is functioning properly.

Once our infrastructure is defined and configured, and your data is migrated, we can test our website to ensure everything is 
working correctly and perform some distributed load testing .
Once everything is tested and working correctly, we can deploy our website to the defined AWS infrastructure.

To ensure that our application is Fast, Fault-tolerant, and Adaptive to average load after migrating your website to AWS cloud
we can use an auto-scaling group, which automatically adjust the number of EC2 instances running our website in response to changes 
in traffic. we can also use Elastic Load Balancing, we can distribute incoming traffic across multiple instances of our website
finally we can use AWS CloudWatch to monitor our website's performance, including CPU utilization, memory usage, and network traffic. 
